correct 0x literal info (#47348)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/integers-and-floating-point-numbers.md

That allows the user to control the size.

> Unsigned literals (starting with `0x`) which are too big to fit in a `UInt128` object are
> interpreted as `BigInt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsigned literals (starting with `0x`) that encode integers too large to be represented as
`UInt128` values will construct `BigInt` values instead. This is not an unsigned type but
it is the only built-in type big enough to represent such large integer values.
```
